doc: Update blurb in README.md (#25012)
bitcoin/bitcoin: README.md

Further information about Bitcoin Core is available in the [doc folder](/doc).

What is Bitcoin Core?
---------------------

> Bitcoin Core is a full node implementation for the Bitcoin P2P network. It also

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bitcoin Core connects to the Bitcoin P2P network and fully validates blocks and transactions. It also
```

"full node" might be unclear, so maybe explain that as well?

Author: Do you have a short way of describing that?

includes a wallet and Qt-based graphical user interface, that can be
optionally built.

License

> -------

Reviewer: As you are removing "experimental", could clarify that the software doesn't come with any warranty and users are using it at their own risk? (According to the MIT license)

Author: "License" follows it, right? I also removed "open source".

Author: It just doesn't describe Bitcoin anymore. Bitcoin might be experimental it might not be experimental, determining that is out of scope of this project.

Reviewer: Sure, no strong opinion either way. I just thought it couldn't hurt to explain the warranty part to users that do not read the license (who does that?)

Author: We could paste the entire MIT license into the License part. It's a few lines.

Reviewer: I think one of the reasons to keep "experimental" was to make users more cautious and less yolo. I think caution still applies (and probably will forever).
